Added 404 and adjusted 5xx (#751)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: changelog/README.md

# Changelog

## 1st April 2025
* Updated [Guidelines: Response codes](../guidelines/responses.md#response-codes):
  * Documented 404 response code. Documentation-only, no change to API.

>   * Renamed 500 response code to 5xx. Documentation-only, no change to API.

Reviewer: suggestion:
```suggestion
  * Added mention of 5xx response codes. Documentation-only, no change to API.

```
